ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
I heard that someone
saw them holding hands
on the first day of school.
Really?
- For real?
- Yes.
- Are you serious?
- No wonder
they've been late
these past couple of days.
Rumor has it they were already
a thing in middle school.
Middle school?
- That's interesting.
- Yeah.
But isn't that too early
for middle schoolers?
Guess that's just
the way it is these days.
Girls, let's hurry up.
The boys will be coming in to change soon.
Did you hear what they said?
Are you just going to let them gossip?
What else can I do?
Do you think those guys
have a crush on you?
Are you not changing
into your sports uniform?
I am.
Why are you secretly following me?
I'm following you openly.
Wen Yifan,
do you know
there's a profession called a pacer?
I don't.
A pacer is someone who runs
with others to help them train.
I can't go on.
So, are you my pacer?
You're the one pacing me.
Can't run anymore?
Your shoelace came undone.
3,063 DAYS
DAY 1 OF OFFICIAL COHABITATION
Helping with the move, sir?
- Yes, 1701.
- Don't move.
Sorry about that. You go first.
What's going on?
Sorry.
What's going on here?
Nothing. Just adding some furniture.
That's quite a lot.
Enjoying the sunshine?
Sorry, this isn't mine.
Your boyfriend told me to put this here.
Did they deliver this
to the wrong address?
It was a bundle deal with a discount.
The cat tree was a free add-on.
If you don't need it,
feel free to get rid of it.
Dian, Sang Yan got this for you.
That's a lot.
18,000
ACCEPT TRANSFER
NOW LOADING
What's this supposed to mean?
Here, play with this.
This is the money I'm returning to you.
Why is it such an awkward amount?
EXPENSE BREAKDOWN
4,000 FOR DEPOSIT, 12,000 FOR RENT
200 FOR ELECTRICITY
Don't misunderstand.
This is the expense breakdown.
You sent more than necessary,
so I returned the extra.
Do you want to double-check?
18,000 MINUS 4,000 FOR DEPOSIT
12,000 FOR RENT
200 FOR ELECTRICITY
90 FOR WATER, 105 FOR INTERNET
200 FOR PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
AND 900 FOR PARKING
Would he think I did it on purpose?
It's okay. I understand.
It's just a miscalculation.
This is beyond embarrassing.
Thanks for reminding me. Sorry, I…
It should have been 505.
I sent ten, no, 40…
I mean, 15 more by mistake.
You can just refund me on WeChat.
Why did I send him 520
and make it look like a love confession?
I'd rather be a fool and send 250 instead.
Hello?
Qiao.
Mom, why are you calling
when we're both at home?
Is breakfast ready?
You're thinking about breakfast?
You were out all night
and now you want…?
I…
was out the whole night?
Mom, I'll hang up now. I'll be home soon.
Why was the curtain suddenly opened?
How did I end up here?
Who are you?
- Why are you here?
- How should I know?
What's wrong with you?
Sang Yan, I guess
you're not completely heartless.
I already gave you the pickup code.
I don't want the bag anymore.
You can leave now.
We used to go to the same school,
so I thought I'd check in on you.
Are you okay?
Does drinking like that even taste good?
Don't worry.
That's just how he is after a breakup.
We are all used to watching him
chase after lost causes.
Pass me the drink.
Here's your whiskey.
Go easy on it.
Stop nagging. I can hold my liquor.
Then I'll drink with you.
- What do you want?
- Where are my clothes?
How would I know where your clothes are?
Where are my clothes?
This is your place. Why are you asking me?
Did we…?
We didn't.
It's all a blur.
I can't remember.
We probably didn't if I don't remember.
We definitely didn't. I'm sure of it.
Yes. That's good.
What's that supposed to mean?
What? I could be the one
being taken advantage of.
Where's my top?
Did you hide it?
What about my clothes then?
Stop running around my house!
Your place is such a mess.
That's why I told you not to run around.
How did I even get in here?
THE MAIN ENTRANCE TO THE UPPER DISTRICT
See? Please explain
why you're following me.
The driver made me get out of the car.
Wasn't it you who brought me
back to your place?
You were throwing up so badly.
I just helped you up.
I didn't want you to come with me.
You could have just let me sleep there.
Why did you help me?
Do you think I'm that kind of person?
Of course, I had to help you up,
but I didn't expect you to cling to me.
OUTSIDE THE ELEVATOR
Why did you carry me on your back?
I never said I would carry you.
You got on my back by yourself.
Show me the proof.
- Why are you blaming me?
- Keep playing.
Keep playing.
INSIDE THE ELEVATOR
You even asked me to dance.
Look at yourself.
Honestly, from what I saw on the footage,
it looked like a mutual thing.
So, why is it no longer mutual now?
None of your business.
Just keep watching.
OUTSIDE THE ELEVATOR ON THE THIRD FLOOR
Bye.
Our cameras can only monitor up to here.
What happened after you closed the door
is out of our hands.
We didn't do anything.
Help yourself.
Dig in. Why aren't you eating?
You… Is it not to your taste?
No. I'll eat it.
We've cleared up the misunderstanding.
Come on. Let's have a toast.
XIANG LANG: QIAO, I'VE LANDED
WHERE ARE YOU?
All right, I'll be there soon.
I'm done eating. I'm off.
On the right.
How do you open this door?
It's probably because
of the dry weather lately.
Thanks.
He drinks such high-quality coffee.
Hello, Qiao.
Dian, I've found you a roommate.
A roommate?
- Dian.
- Xiang Lang?
Didn't I ask you to hide?
Now there's no surprise.
It's still a surprise.
Qiao, how come you didn't even tell me?
I told you before, okay?
I've told you several times
that he's coming back.
You just didn't listen to me properly.
I might have accidentally forgotten.
- Where are you guys now?
- At the airport.
I originally thought of asking you
to come pick him up with me,
but they said they were worried
about you being busy with work
and didn't want you to get up so early.
- Morning.
I did just wake up.
Xiang Lang also needs to rent
a place now that he's back.
Maybe you two could be roommates?
I forgot to tell you,
but I found a roommate.
Who is it?
Should we pick a day to hang out together?
We definitely should.
It's been years.
How about Thursday?
I'm not working that day.
Just don't bail on us.
Don't worry. I won't.
Thursday it is then.
- Bye.
Love you.
Are you going out?
My old friend, Xiang Lang,
is back in the country.
We were in Class 17 in high school,
and he and Qiao were in Class 15.
The three of us
grew up together in kindergarten.
You must know him, right?
It doesn't ring a bell.
Have you picked a spot for the gathering?
Not yet.
How about Overtime?
Since we're roommates,
you can help bring in more customers.
Has your business gotten so bad
that you need to personally
bring in customers?
I've told you before
that it's not making much money.
We have to find ways to promote it
and get more customers.
What do you think?
I can give you a roommate discount.
What's the discount?
Let's say…
One percent.
- Come again?
- One percent.
How generous.
- I'll consider it.
- It's decided then.
Thursday.
I've saved you a spot for Thursday.
Honestly, the first time
I went to your gastropub,
I spent ages looking for it.
It took me forever
to find the Overtime sign.
I didn't exactly want to walk in,
looking at it from the outside.
What do you mean?
I just mean the sign isn't obvious,
and it doesn't really
look like a place to eat.
It looks more like a barbershop.
But, of course,
that's just my personal opinion.
No need to take it to heart.
Since it was so unnoticeable and so bad,
why did you come in the first place?
Headliner.
It's because you…
I got it.
I'll think about your comment,
but I won't change it.
Thursday, okay?
So, here's the story.
Since she's my roommate,
I didn't feel right saying no,
so I ended up buying these
low-quality products from her.
She's clearly taking advantage of me.
I'm going to sue her, and I won't stop
- until she loses everything.
- A 1% discount.
Isn't that taking advantage of me, too?
She swindled all my savings away.
I worked for two years to earn that money.
What's the rush?
She took all of it, a total of 50,000.
You seem a bit down recently.
Here's a coffee for you.
Thank you, Mr. Zhang.
No worries.
Eat this to regain some energy.
Isn't eating not allowed
in the cutting room?
I call the shots in this room. Eat.
Thanks.
This software has a shortcut key.
Here, let me show you.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry, I…
Sorry, I'll go find someone
to clean this up.
Is that necessary?
Everyone knows what you are like.
Let's go.
Wen, you've seen
the newspaper today, right?
Your article wasn't included.
Sorry, sir.
I'll keep trying my best.
It's actually quite simple.
YIHE DAILY
Do you know
where the problem lies?
I know,
but I can't do it.
Also, please don't text me
in the middle of the night anymore.
Yifan, why are you here alone?
Are you okay?
Or have you heard about it?
Heard about what?
Lately, everyone's
been gossiping about you.
They say when you were at Yihe Daily,
the boss's wife came after you,
and then the local press blacklisted you.
You couldn't handle it anymore,
so you secretly returned to Nanwu.
Those who spread rumors
really overestimate me,
saying I was blacklisted.
Pretty girls always get
caught up in rumors like this.
I've told them
that it's definitely not true.
You should go explain it to them quickly.
Do you think they'll
believe me even if I explain?
You vixen, wait and see
how I deal with you today.
Get out of the way!
You're Wen Yifan, aren't you?
You vixen.
You're the one
who sent late-night messages
to flirt with my husband, right?
Shameless!
You shameless wretch!
What are you doing with your phone?
Let me tell you.
- I won't believe a word you say today!
- Take a good look.
It's your husband
who's been sending me messages,
and I've never replied
with anything inappropriate.
I don't want to hear your nonsense.
You'll see how I deal with you today.
It takes two to tango.
Keep this up,
and you'll make the headlines.
It's clearly the wrongdoer's fault,
yet the victim bears the blame.
Do you really believe
those words were said unconsciously
because he was drunk?
I'll write an investigation report
and send it
to the president
and the newly formed
supervisory committee.
However, I'm not sure
what the result will be.
- Why?
- He must have his side of the story.
After all, this isn't the first time.
But if you don't say anything,
they'll assume you're admitting it.
Whether I admit it or not,
they'll only believe
what they want to believe.
Rumors are like wounds.
If you don't pay attention to them,
they'll stop hurting after a while.
Don't worry about me. I'm fine.
What time is it now?
It's almost three o'clock.
I'll go out for an interview now.
All right, Mr. Chen, let's get started.
Could you walk us through
what happened during the incident?
That night, my daughter was helping me out
at the snack stall after school.
Three men at a table were drunk.
My daughter's only 16,
but they kept harassing her.
At that moment, all I could think
was if they laid a finger on her, I'd…
- Dad.
- Are you okay?
- Careful.
- I'm fine.
Are you all right, Dad?
It's all my fault.
You are hurt because of me.
This injury's nothing.
I'd be heartbroken
if I hadn't kept you safe.
It's because of me. It's all my fault.
It's not your fault.
Yifan,
this child is only 16.
Yet their family had to go through
such an ordeal.
It's like misfortune always targets
the most vulnerable.
But I filmed everything
that happened just now.
That kid was crying,
and it was heartbreaking.
Wen Yifan?
It really is you.
How come you're back in Nanwu?
I moved back to Nanwu.
- Yifan, maybe I should…
- No need.
We're busy right now.
Let's get in touch later.
Who do you think you are?
Who wants to get in touch with you?
Yifan, how about I go back
to the car first and sort things out?
You guys can chat.
Thank you.
Why are you back if there's nothing wrong?
Why can't I come back
even if nothing's wrong?
I didn't mean it that way.
Don't worry.
I won't be staying at your place
now that I'm back in Nanwu.
Let's just pretend we never met today.
As long as you don't say anything,
no one will know.
I never said
you couldn't come to my place.
You didn't.
Why are you being so annoying?
Fine. I was at fault back then.
I was young and didn't know better.
I was wrong to ask you to leave my house.
All right.
I don't want to bring up the past,
nor do I think we need to catch up.
That stuff is heavy, right?
Go check on the patient.
Will you go back home
for the Spring Festival?
I have to work during the Spring Festival.
All right, let's add each other on WeChat.
No need. I just want to live my own life.
You…
My return to Nanwu
has nothing to do with anyone.
I won't stay at your place,
and it's not because I'm afraid of you.
Every decision I make is for myself.
I'm actually busy. I'll get going now.
Dad, look. It's snowing outside.
It really is snowing. Pretty, isn't it?
Yes.
- Isn't it lovely?
- It is.
- Are you happy?
- Yes.
Let's have a snowball fight later.
- It's snowing.
Let me lift you up.
Jiang, do you know
how you got your nickname?
I don't.
It's because you were born
on the day of Frost's Descent.
What exactly is Frost's Descent?
Frost's Descent happens
in late September of the lunar calendar,
when the sun
is farther away from Earth.
It's the day
with the largest temperature difference
between day and night,
making the night particularly cold.
But I'm afraid of the cold.
Don't be afraid, Jiang, I'm here.
When you're cold, just come to me.
I'll hold you tight,
and you won't feel cold anymore.
Wen Yifan,
I have a little flaw about me.
Only one?
I'm very safety-conscious.
If I don't lock the door
before going to bed,
I can't sleep.
I always lock the door.
If you're tired, go ahead and sleep.
I'll lock it if I get back late.
I'm talking about before sleeping.
I remember telling you explicitly
before we started sharing the apartment
that I frequently work overtime
and have an irregular routine.
You agreed to it.
Then, please let me know in advance
if you're coming back after 10 p.m.
- Why?
- It's a matter of mutual respect.
If you don't come back all night,
wouldn't I have to spend
the night in anxiety and fear?
I'll let you know next time.
Can I go rest now?
Who is he?
I forgot to tell you. He's my friend.
Hi, I am Duan Jiaxu.
I heard from Su Haoan
that Sang Yan didn't date a single girl
during his four years at university.
He spent all his time
hanging out with a campus heartthrob
named Duan Jiaxu.
Duan Jiaxu, I've heard a lot about you.
I also have a flaw.
My safety awareness
is stronger than someone else's,
and I remember we have a contract clause.
I don't quite recall.
You should inform me in advance
before bringing friends home.
All right. I remember now.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
We're still getting used
to living together,
so small mistakes are excusable.
I'll let it slide this time.
You two catch up.
I told you to leave earlier,
but you didn't listen.
You even spilled food on your clothes.
So, where do you think
we should go on Thursday?
How about Overtime?
Sang Yan opened it.
Sang Yan?
You are still in touch?
I only met him recently,
and it was at his gastropub.
So, uh, I need to tell you something.
Remember I told you I have a roommate?
Well, that roommate
is Sang Yan.
He said if we go to his place,
he'll give us a discount.
You're actually sharing
a place with Sang Yan?
And what discount do we get?
Let's talk about it when we meet.
I still have to get
some work done tonight.
I'm going to log off now.
Wait. How much
of a discount are we getting?
One percent.
One percent?
I'll log off now. Bye.
Wait. Did I hear that right?
Is a 1% discount
still considered a discount?
Let's go with Dian's choice this time.
We've always picked the places before.
It's rare for her to have an opinion.
You're totally on her side, huh?
Wait until we meet,
I'll crack open her brain
and see what's going on in there.
Why would she share a place with Sang Yan?
I really don't get it.
It's getting late, Qiao.
You should go to bed now.
- All right, then. Goodnight.
- Night.
- Hello.
- Dian, are you ready?
- We're here.
- You are already here?
So soon? Just give me a moment.
The car isn't allowed to enter,
so I've just parked it at the entrance.
All right, I just finished
washing the clothes.
I'll be out as soon as I hang them up.
It's okay. No rush. Take your time.
Who says there's no rush?
I'm about to die of hunger.
Dian, hurry up.
I'll save your life in a minute.
Got to go now.
Hey,
did you save a spot for us at Overtime?
We're going to eat first.
We'll be at Overtime around eight.
Are you heading out too?
When did you change your clothes?
Are you going to the garage?
Well… We haven't reached
the basement level yet.
This is the first floor.
UPTOWN FLOWER CITY
Let's go.
Dian.
Dian. It's been a while.
- It's been a while.
- Why are you two acting shy?
The Nanwu Trio is finally united.
From now on, we'll overcome
all obstacles and be invincible.
Who is this?
Is this your boyfriend?
What boyfriend?
This is Xiang Lang.
Xiang Lang. I remember.
- You are from Class 15.
- Yes.
- I'm Su Haoan.
- Hi.
Sang Yan.
Long time no see.
Didn't we agree that you'd drive your car?
I can't be bothered to drive.
I drove here.
Where do you need to go?
It's fine.
We'll just find somewhere to eat.
Didn't you guys already make plans?
You can go ahead.
We really haven't met in a long time.
We should definitely catch up.
It's been a while
since we last met as well.
Why make such a big deal of it?
You're not really close with them.
Even if we're not close,
we can still catch up,
- right?
- Yeah.
So, you want to go with them, right?
- Is it all right?
- I don't think so.
I think it's pretty all right.
Where's your car?
Open the door.
Yes, boss.
It's amazing how fate works.
You haven't seen a friend
in seven or eight years,
and then you just run into them like this.
If Sang Yan and Wen Yifan
can be roommates,
what else is impossible?
Since there are so many of us,
I'll tidy up the car first.
I'll help you.
I know this is definitely something
worth bragging about.
What are you talking about?
There's no need to bring up
our shared rental to everyone.
We'll manage
if the five of us squeeze a bit.
This should be all right.
Dian, you sit in the passenger seat
and help me with the navigation.
My legs are too long.
It's uncomfortable sitting in the back.
You can just go straight.
Okay.
It's fine, I'll sit in the back.
- Is that okay?
- Sure. No worries.
- I can't see the road with you like this.
- Well, then pay attention to the road.
Have you got a girlfriend?
No. I still haven't met the person I like.
I just thought of a rumor.
Sang Yan, Xiang Lang, and Wen Yifan,
they said you three
were in a love triangle.
Is it true?
It was all just rumors.
It got passed on and started
to sound like it was real.
It simply wasn't true.
What do you mean
by "sound like it was real?"
You're really into gossip
and just making things up.
What I'm saying is true.
If you don't believe me, ask Sang Yan.
He even got into a fight over it.
I heard from Zhou Zhiming
that Pretty Face Wen
doesn't actually like Sang Yan.
She only got together with him
because he kept pursuing her.
So, when she met someone better,
she immediately cheated.
Who's better?
It's Xiang Lang from the class next door.
If I didn't tell you,
would you think
Pretty Face Wen is this kind of person?
It's really quite disgusting.
- Indeed.
- But why?
She thinks being
good-looking makes her great.
There are a lot
of good-looking people out there.
Surely they won't all act like this.
Let me tell you this.
With an attitude like yours,
what's the point of being pretty?
- Apologize.
- I'm sorry.
I'm not asking you to apologize.
Zhou Zhiming, do I need to teach you?
I won't apologize.
I was just joking earlier,
- and I'm not the only one saying this.
- Joking?
You're a man with such a sharp tongue.
Aren't you embarrassed?
Let me make this clear today.
If anyone dares spread such rumors again,
the consequences will be the same as his.
I don't have many hobbies.
I just like holding grudges.
Talk.
Pretty Face Wen… No, Wen Yifan,
I'm sorry.
It was me who told others
you were cheating,
but I had no proof.
I was just making things up.
I won't say it again in the future.
Is that enough? Can you let me go now?
What about me?
Am I not also a victim?
Sang Yan, I'm sorry.
Why are you a victim?
Can you spread rumors
according to the facts?
What do you mean
the other person found someone better
and dumped me?
If I were actually
pursuing them that hard,
they'd be completely captivated by me.
Understand?
- Yes.
- Louder.
Yes!
Thank you.
He doesn't even know who's better.
Sang Yan has always been
a stickler for details since he was a kid.
He doesn't talk much,
but whenever he does, he's ready to fight.
He has a terrible temper.
I'm all right.
See? He loves hitting others.
Wen Yifan,
I'm sorry I didn't tell you in advance
about Sang Yan moving in.
I heard it shocked you.
I'll pay for the meal later.
No need.
This has nothing to do with you.
Sang Yan,
did you know in advance
that your roommate would be Dian?
Yes,
that's why I decided to move in.
I thought of another rumor.
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Why is she still here?
Excuse me.
Our dance class has booked this slot.
I think I still have
ten more minutes left.
She's new here, isn't she?
Who cares whether she is or not?
Her dancing isn't impressive.
I don't know why she's trying so hard.
She's just arrogant.
We booked this dance studio.
Can you leave now?
You're just dancing around by yourself,
taking up all this space.
It's really unnecessary.
Didn't she say
there are still ten minutes left?
Also,
who says she's by herself?
She even found someone to help her.
Does she really think she's so great?
So what if you've brought help?
Can you two just take over
the whole dance studio?
Who is she? I've never seen her before.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL, AND THE WORLD
WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!